A man taking a drink from a water fountain.
A smiling man is cooking in his kitchen.
A man smiles as he stirs his food in the pot.
Several people around some motorcycles on the side of a road.
A black and white cat looking out a window over another cat.
A woman in a purple top pulling food out of a oven.
A car driving past a parked motorcycle.
A blue airplane in a blue, cloudless sky.
A man and his dog riding on a bike.
A brown and black dog sticking its head out a window.
An airplane flying past the Moon in the sky.
People leaning out the windows of a train as it goes through the countryside.
there are many people trying to avoid the rain
A woman eating vegetables in front of a stove.
A man hanging his head out of the side of a train.
A man getting food ready while people watch.
A woman taking a photo over the shoulder of a man on a bike.
A plane flies in the sky in front of a silhouette of a moon.
there are many men playing soccer in a field.
A woman forks vegetables out of a bowl into her mouth. 
A woman taking a picture of herself in a mirror.
A couple of men riding a motorcycle down a street.
A jet flies in the distance with the moon in the background. 
there is a man wearing a suit sitting on a bench
Man talking on personal cell phone on a yellow and black bench.
Two people on a motorcycle with tone taking a photo.
View of tall city buildings with cars and people walking by.
Woman walking down the side walk of a busy night city.
Woman eating an assortment of mixed vegetables in a bowl.
some people driving down the road with their bikes
A brown cat crouches and arches its back in a white sink.
Meats being prepared for cooking on kitchen counter.
Large dog looking at television show in living room.
A man driving a motorcycle with a woman holding a cell phone.
A young woman standing in a kitchen eats a plate of vegetables.
The motorcyclist in a helmet is looking over the side of a bridge. 
At night on a street with a group of a bicycle riders riding down the road together.
some people holding umbrellas and  standing by a car in the rain
A person is riding his motorcycle on the dirt road.
Eight jars are being filled with orange slices. 
there are two woman that are riding motorcycles 
There is a cyclist riding above all the pigeons.
Some people are enjoying time on a beach.
A woman eating fresh vegetables from a bowl.
Man is riding a board near a field
A man on a motorcycle riding in the desert.
A group of young bicyclists on a city street at night.
two men on a scooter riding down the roadway
A man in a helmet and jacket riding a motorcycle in the desert.
A woman holding a colorful kite on top of a green field.